foreign
delighted to be here with you
um I'm the neighbor cat founder and CEO
of trust radius
um the run of the session for today is
that we're going to do brief intros
about who we are as people the companies
that we run and the types of personas
that we sell to the nature of our sales
cycle we're going to then spend about 10
minutes talking about today's buyer who
are they how do they think how are they
wired and as a marketer what should we
be thinking about as we adapt to them
we're going to be speaking about where
buyers do their research and how to give
them what they want in their Journey
and then we're going to be talking about
how to use data to intelligently engage
buyers
and last but not least talk about how to
really turn customers into Champions and
activate them to to work really hard for
you
all right
um well uh just to kind of get going I'd
love to have caddy introduce herself
first thank you Renee it's great to be
back here
um I was a former head of marketing at
clavio clavio for those of you who don't
know it as a email and SMS marketing
automation software company
our company routes are in SMB so we grew
up selling to SMB customers primarily in
the e-commerce market and through our
journey we have tried to then diversify
that that audience segment into more of
the micro smbs as well as the true up
Market Enterprise kind of customers so
as you can imagine our go-to-market
motions are very different our sales
Cycles are very different on average we
see about three to five months of our
buyers journey and time to close and we
are always thinking about how to shorten
it what's the right set of audiences to
go after how to optimize the go to
market motions
Kathy tell us a little bit about
yourself and talk desk sure good morning
everyone it's great to be here it's my
first sastra I am the chief marketing
officer at talk desk I joined gosh it'll
be four years ago in November when we
were a series B we are now a series D
company talk to us if you haven't heard
of us we are a contact center solution
we actually disrupted the market the
market is about 40 years old and we came
on the market with the first Cloud
native solution about 10 years ago we
sell to all audiences from segment
perspective from mid-market to
Enterprise today and into all different
Industries we're the only provider that
has purpose-built industry product for
contact centers
and Cynthia tell us a little bit more
about smart Baron who you sell to all
right
all right I've been
I've been um this is my third gig
running marketing I come from an
engineering background and smart bear we
sell to software developers we sell to
Engineers we have a suite of tools that
we say provide developer and test or QA
visibility across all quality stages in
the software development cycle test
automation API Testing mobile device
testing bug and crash analytics once
something's been deployed so we just
make sure every development cycle and
every software release is a little bit
better than the last one
awesome well I'm delighted and honored
to have such eminent speakers with me
here today so the first topic up is who
are today's buyers looking around the
room many of you are probably in this
generation the majority of B2B biased
today are millennials and gen Z in fact
65 and most of them don't want to talk
to sales so if you're in sales your life
is honestly getting harder
um it's uh it's harder to get people's
attentions harder to get people to
support speak to you most of them want
to self-serve what does it mean to
self-serve they want to be able to
access certain information online
independently without having to speak to
a salesperson and oftentimes without
having to fill out a form in particular
they want to find pricing data product
related information and use case
information each year we do a study of
2000 B2B buyers and again what we heard
this year is overwhelming evidence that
people want to find this type of content
online
completely independently
what we're also finding and this is the
tough news if you're in sales is that
reps are less influential across
different cohorts whether you look at it
by purchase price by company size or by
generation
the dark blue bars indicate the role of
sales the influence of sales in the
purchase cycle in 2021 the lighter blue
in 2022 and it's a declining Trend we've
been seeing this now for five years
since we started doing this study so
what does this mean if you're a marketer
it means that your game has to step up
to fill some of this void because buyers
are trying to do the self-service but
marketers need to meet them at their
point of need one of the phenomenons
we'll be talking about today is you know
which channels are growing and which
channels are shrinking free trials are
definitely growing as a medium some of
the panelists will talk to what they're
doing in the area of freemiums and
product-led growth later but also third
parties whether that's communities
review forums even analysts surprisingly
are actually rising in influence and
what's what's decreasing in influence is
sales your own content and your own
website so that's that's the market
context would love to hear from each of
the panelists now about their
perspective on the modern buyer Kathy
I'm going to start with you tell us kind
of some of your observations at talk
desk and as a CMO over the last few
years what are the big shifts that
you've seen sure thanks so much for
asking one of the things I want to First
share and I I chatted with you a little
bit about this before vinay we also have
done some research on from their talk
dust research organization and when you
look at Millennials and gen Z's they are
less loyal than any other organization
54 of them have left a brand because of
one bad experience in the last year
and a third have switched to a new brand
in the last year it's really important
as marketers that we recognize that
um so some of the other observations we
have seen and this is not rocket science
but you know there is not a single buyer
anymore we need to triangulate accounts
as marketers in fact if you read some of
the latest Gartner reports they'll say
that larger companies today have 20
people involved in a decision making
process 20 people it's very different
than how the world was when I first
started in marketing so long ago I won't
tell you how long ago the second thing I
would say is it fits exactly to what
vinay was talking about people are doing
their research ahead of time right I
don't know if you want to move to the do
you want me to talk through some of this
one of the things we do as marketers is
we take time every month every quarter
to see how are people coming to find us
how are they responding how many touches
do they have with us before if they make
a purchase but talk to us now it varies
by size of organization I have two in
here it's always between 10 and 17
touches sometimes it can be higher in
this particular situation a few things I
want to point out you'll see that there
are three known users and then also
Anonymous users we're using some intent
data that we're going to talk about
later we're looking at website we're
looking at the searches they're doing
but again the triangulation of the
account the second thing I would say is
that marketing is very intimately
involved in the sales process these days
you'll see in the blue some folks from
my team who were had to be pulled into
sales calls the industry strategist the
product marketers the customer marketers
and on the second slide this feeds also
to what finay was talking about here
you'll see a smaller organization very
often for us they come through paid
search right it's a very common motion
for us but you'll also see that customer
review sites become very important so
companies are looking for data outside
of our own organization and then they
might come on our website and get more
data as well again multiple people
multiple touches before it even lands or
goes over to the sales team
thank you Kathy
um Cynthia tell us about some of the
programs you've put in place
yep so Echo everything Kathy says
absolutely and you know a layering on
top of that when we're selling to
Developers
there is a buying committee once your
sale gets big enough but developers are
holding all the power and they're your
starting point and entry point into the
company so we really focus on you know
what is that awareness to land motion
how do you land a developer and they
have a very sensitive BS meters so they
don't want to be marketed to I don't
know how much I can you know say like
the BS meter for developers so and they
hang out in their communities we at
smart bear we have four pretty large
open source
tools that we host and hold on to and
they are tools but they're also
communities and if you look at
developers to just the psychology being
a developer they're problem solvers they
want to figure it out on their own they
don't want to be too over educated and
told what to do so they feel like the
hero when they figure it out on their
own and you have to help them get there
but there's always that safety sense in
you know human psychology applies to
developers as well their safety in
numbers and their safety and Community
if they can go out and find other people
who've solved the problem they're trying
to who they respect
whether it's in stack Overflow or GitHub
or our own open source communities
that's where they go they look for
referrals from peers it just needs to be
a trusted solution but then when they
pick it it's all down it's all them that
picked it so we just need to kind of be
there where they are and softly Market
to them with high value
education but also just make sure they
can interact amongst themselves and with
each other awesome
Katie one of the things that you and I
talked about was how buyers actually
sometimes need assistance along their
Journey tell us about what you stood up
at clavia yeah
happy too so you know I think about um
the way self-service set up in many many
instances in many companies the use case
is very much geared towards the early
adopter right the early adopter Persona
who wants to try before they buy they
want to kick the tires they want to
figure it out themselves as you start to
go away from that early adopter Persona
to the late adopter Persona in the you
know the crossing the chasm kind of a
paradigm you start to encounter personas
who don't quite want to be sold to they
don't want to engage with the
salesperson they don't want to go
through the whole process but they also
don't want to quite figure it all out by
themselves they get stuck in the funnel
they get stuck in their Journey they
want a little bit of onboarding help so
one of the things we introduced
um in my previous company was this idea
of a self-serve sales assist motion
which is basically a light touch uh
cells uh sales sales motion that's
associated with the self-serve so you
would have people go through the
self-serve motion they'd get stuck we
would have people reach out to them and
say hey do you need some help in getting
through this you know question or this
part of the onboarding so we found that
to be extremely effective in helping
people get over the hump of where they
were stuck and we started to kind of
build and broaden the audience that way
of the people who were coming to our
doors what were turning away because it
wasn't quite the product wasn't quite
ready for them and so that's been a
pretty big success and to your point
earlier Kathy and Cynthia
even with that self-serve sales assist
almost everybody goes looking for
reviews they research they look online
they look at trust radius they look at
G2 crowd and it is super important for
us to be able to present a very good
idea of what that platform is outside of
our own kind of doors
thank you caddy
um so one of the things also we'll talk
about in a second is
um just just what are those communities
um we've talked about own communities
we've talked about third-party
communities like developer communities
like stack Overflow we've talked about
review platforms there's also social
media Cynthia tell us a little bit more
about kind of how you treat social media
yeah um so you know we can tell
customers
outside come to our support people fill
in a ticket if you are a developer
you're going to post anywhere and
everywhere if you're looking for an
answer so what I called it with vinay
earlier you know big listening years we
always have to be out there seeing if
somebody's tagging us or tagging one of
our products asking a question they will
go to Twitter and like hey smart bear
hey Swagger Hub one of our products
I'm having this issue can you help me or
I you know has anybody else done this so
we have automated feeds that go from
that into slack that go from slack to
our support and we're trying to respond
within seconds and either bring them
back to our community for community help
or just reply right away with the
solution but it's just meeting people
where they are and you can't tell them
to always come to you they are all all
over the world looking for answers so
you've got to kind of have a marketing
person or team that's ready for that and
and responsive to that how many of you
have had a bad Airline experience and
then you got frustrated and then you
tweeted about it come on raise your hand
no one okay someone and that behavior is
happening in B2B now right whether it's
a bad experience or just because you're
trying to seek information
we can't think that we're immune to
these consumer behaviors everything
that's happening in B2B is transcending
or has transcended to b2c and this is a
prime example I love how Cynthia talks
about big listening ears that's kind of
a good memorable term for us all to take
away let's talk a little bit about what
these buyers want they want easy
information access so in our research
our B2B disconnect study we asked the
question what are the three things that
software vendors can do that would make
you more likely to buy for them number
one be transparent about pricing now
they realize that maybe pricing is
sometimes complex
um what they're inherently looking for
is ballpark pricing or as we like to say
t-shirt pricing is this a Armani t-shirt
or is this a Walmart t-shirt
um then they want access to trials and
ideally they want to be able to do that
within without having to necessarily
speak to sales they may want assistance
as they proceed but they don't want to
be gated in order to access a trial they
really want to see customer social proof
reviews uh on on the Brand's website or
customer stories
Etc three things that will turn them off
cold calls I'm not saying cold calls are
dead but generic cold calls that add no
value or generic emails to add no value
are noise and will actually turn people
off your brand Kathy actually spoke to
me about how bdrs are the tip of the
spirit for your brand in many cases and
if you have a bad experience with the
bdr it turns you off the company
a lack of pricing and unclear messaging
so let's talk about kind of what each of
these leaders are doing to actually
really try and surf the buyer at their
point of need
um Cynthia let's talk first of all about
the venues that you're focused on
um yeah so we every one of our products
has a trial version and many have just
an open source which is also a lead-in
to a paid version but we also find
developers sit on sit and jira they work
in the lassian tools so we make a point
to really Place products onto the
atlassian marketplace so they can just
find what they need straight from where
they already are so placing your product
in a partner Marketplace is
something to really really look at and
you might be giving up a little bit of
margin but that's where everybody is and
they want that connection from their
working environment this has been a you
know a great source of growth for us and
we continue to invest in the marketplace
ecosystem
when we were prepping one of the things
I found interesting was how you actually
help dialogue happen on communities
whether those are owned or third-party
that at first you started with putting
your own resources into place and now
you've kind of trained customers can you
tell us about that
um
yeah so
in terms of community supporting each
other we do reward customers for
providing advice to other customers and
that is not just ratings and reviews
which are important but solutions to
specific problems we have a community
leader program that
rewards people for answering at least 10
questions posed by the community and
they get special recognition and swag
which is always a great gift to give out
and encouragement to really continue and
grow you know amongst each other so we
keep snowballing that group of community
leaders into more and more people
okay you um talked earlier about kind of
your product specialist model you
started by trying to cross-train sales
people to be more effective product
Specialists but you evolve the model
over time can you tell us about where
you where you evolved to yeah um the we
did a lot of experimentation uh with
that particular model so you can think
of you know these uh these the set of
folks uh being able to address any kind
of customer questions so you can think
of Playbook so we would give them six
questions versus seven questions versus
eight questions and figure out what was
the most optimal set of questions that
would get people to either take the next
step talk to a sales rep or sign up so
we did a lot of the we played around
with what is the right kind of interface
and interaction with this product
specialist team with with customers and
found out that there was an optimal kind
of interaction set of things that we
wanted to uncover what was the kind of
information we wanted to get from
customers before we you know routed them
to the right places uh kind of a thing
so it's interesting when we talk about
communities too is uh just adding on to
what you said Cynthia we found that a
lot of our cus the the people who were
talking to our customers you know they
were answering questions a little bit
outside of the product itself they were
answering questions about
what is the right deliverability
strategy what is the right X Y and Z
kind of a thing which was not exactly
product related or platform related so
it just ties back to the idea of having
communities that can seed the
conversation of prime the audience which
will then let them come in to the funnel
which you can then convert down the
funnel
awesome
Kathy talk about kind of what you're
doing to um enable the buyer to do their
research what venues you think about
what content strategies you think about
sure so similar to Cynthia and Katie we
are definitely in marketplaces right gen
Z and Millennials and all the research
want to go to the channels of their
choice and by the way they might not
even know who you are yet right so there
are those motions as well
um that you've also already heard about
the other thing is once they do know and
they come to our site we know that hey
we're the disrupter we haven't been
around 40 years like our competitors we
need to show validation right that we
are the Innovative solution that we are
helping customers offer Superior
customer experience to their own
customers so that's why we put our
reviews right on our home page you go
onto talkdesk.com you will see an
ever-changing always present always
current reviews from actually trust
radius right there of course we also
have customer stories pricing all the
things that you just saw on the research
shared will be on our website as well
but this has been a game changer just
making you know one of our core values
is on trust and transparency it's really
making sure that the reviews are
transparent to all the visitors of our
website
yeah I like the fact that you don't just
have five star reviews there I can see a
four-star review and I can what buyers
are seeking is authenticity
you know I think in times past marketers
might put a quote that was highly
curated from an executive at one company
maybe a prominent brand let's say Nike
the reality is the people hitting your
website probably don't work at Nike they
work at companies in All Ships of
Industries around the country and they
may not be a senior executive they want
to find people they can relate to so
relatability is a huge part of
authenticity and building trust with
your buyers and when you're going to
harness the customer voice you need a
spoon feed them voices that they can
relate to why do they turn to
communities because those are voices
that they can relate to when when using
the voice of the customer in your own
channels I believe in the smorgasbord
effects give them a carousel where they
can find as many quotes as they want
that they can relate to they can sift
through them and say yep that's a
personal relate to they seem to have a
similar use case to me the other kind of
lesson we've learned is if you're gonna
create pages that are thematic maybe
it's a country to use case to Persona or
compete Pages make sure your quotes
aren't generic make sure the quotes are
tuned to the theme of the page Rue
rubric has an amazing compete page
actually against a product called veeam
and all of the quotes that are
syndicated to that page are hyper
specific as to why people picked rubric
over veeam there are you know it's
relevancy at the end of the day that's
causing um causing that value impression
on the buyer vinay can I just add one on
the previous slide just to add to
Kathy's comment one thing we found out
was when you add reviews to your website
if it comes from you people don't give a
because they don't believe it so you
don't go around saying my customer said
this to me I'm going to put it on the
website but when you put in something
like a trust radius or a G2 then there
is automatic credibility to that because
it's coming from a objective third party
and so it's very important to make sure
if you're putting customer reviews on
your site it comes from the right source
yeah it's kind of like a hotel putting
created quotes on its own site versus
syndicating from TripAdvisor it's just
uh always going to be a lot more
credible
um the next kind of area I want to talk
about is data
um buyer intent data obviously in Vogue
right now but there are other forms of
data that are incredibly important in
the mix right now whether that's
thermographic technographic or
demographic data in a world where buyers
are completing so much of their Journey
before they want to talk to sales and in
a world where they're rather cynical and
know that if they fill out a form
they're going to get contacted buyers
are trying to be anonymous as long as
possible and what does that mean for you
as a marketer it means it's harder for
you to engage them it means it's harder
for you to personalize to them and know
exactly who they are and uh where they
are in their journey to just dive into
intent data for a second
a lot of companies use their own first
party intent data people who are
visiting their our own website
interacting with their own properties
but that's a small subset of the
universe of buyers for two reasons one
is you're missing everyone who's
researching your Market but not you and
then secondly those people may be
spending time on third-party properties
far in advance of when they come to
visit you third-party data is an
aggregation of third-party properties so
there are ABM systems obviously like
sixth sense of demand makes that
aggregate third-party data there are
providers like bambora second party data
is data from platforms like Tech Target
trust radius and G2 where we're a
primary first party community and the
signals we capture are predicated on
Research behavior on our platform I
believe companies should be using a mix
of these three different intent
strategies but Kathy um I know you guys
have done a ton in the area of intent
you do use six census your ABM tell us
kind of your approach to using data to
both
Target who you spend your ad dollars on
and where you spend your sales energy
but also to personalize
sure happy to do that but first I just
want to share that obviously there are a
lot of privacy regulations out there so
the first caution I wanted to say is
make sure that you have someone Smart in
your organization or someone smart that
you're working with to ensure that you
abide by gdpr and all the other
different unique regulations out there
because there are Fishers who will come
and try to make millions off of you but
having said that yes we do use six cents
we use it both in sales and in marketing
one of the things we do is we look at
not only the sales stage like if we look
we use Salesforce in Salesforce what
stage are they in but also in Sixth
Sense what stage are they in are they an
awareness consideration decision or
purchase and we Market differently to
People based on their various stages so
when you think about it if they're in
the awareness Circle or early stages of
Sixth Sense there's certain data they
might want right we're just trying to be
pervasive to have them understand that
we are the Innovative solution in the
market as they move to decision and
purchase it's more about the validation
that we are the Innovation that they
could use so it's we send them to
customer reviews we send them to analyst
review sites so do very specific
targeting and then in addition between
our AES and our sdrs whether you call
them bdrs sdrs adrs we all have
different language right we also have a
different process and how we manage
um activity that has come in based on
the sixth sense stage if it and based on
what role what level what account and
what opportunity stage it may go to
sales it may go to an SDR and then there
are different content pieces different
sort of Journeys that each individual
goes on
um would carry or Cynthia lights are
coming on the use of data to personalize
or to Target
um sure so we have a slightly different
use of data and intent data um we have
over 30
000 people taking out trials every month
at smart bear and we initially in kind
of the earlier days sales would come in
and just pick them off pick and choose
whoever they want to call and call
everybody and
um we were growing conversions were okay
but we were kind of turning people off
too by like Mass calling these mass
number of Trials we've we put in place
intent data tools starting with um the
tools mint to go and now six cents as
well
to decrease
the number of people that sales needs to
call and we kind of de-intend say 30 000
trials many that let's let them go
through on their own without calling and
let's use Predictive Analytics to
understand out of those who are higher
propensity to buy at a more Enterprise
level and not just by company size but
do they look like other companies do
they have similar problems that our
bigger customers have and those are the
ones sales is calling and we in fact on
on one of our products you saw earlier
on the slide Swagger Hub we decreased
the number of qls or trial qualified
leads to sales decreased by 45 percent
last year and the number of deal
opportunities went up by 20 so less is
more
less is more using data really helps
there too I think a little of marketers
in the Stream are kind of envious of
your problem of abundance when you're
sifting from the diamonds from from
amongst the gold uh caddy tell us a
little bit about how you are using data
and bar intend data if you're using it
as well
um we have we have strong plg motion
uh first party data and second party
data and third party data but there's
also zero party data and zero party data
is what people do on your website
um so we use a lot of that to determine
what kind of actions predicate or
predict uh what they're going to do next
so for instance for our uh we have a
freemium model so once people come in
they can sign up say sign up and before
they become a buyer they have to take
four specific actions and we know that
if you take one or two or three of those
actions you have a higher propensity to
become a buyer so we apply a lot of
marketing at that point to try to get
them to finish up those actions and then
get on on to the next phase so it's um
and we did some of this at Dropbox too
we identified those kind of leading
indicators of behavior that would
indicate that they would become a
purchaser so as we think about how to
use customer data intelligently I'd say
it's about identifying those kind of
leading indicators of behaviors as well
as thinking about what you can do to get
them to that next step that will keep
them on that Journey
the last topic we wanted to talk about
was the role of the customer so
hopefully from this session today the
big thing that's come through is that we
are living in the age of the self-surf
buyer they act differently they are
younger they are less likely to want to
speak to sales they want to self-serve
whether they're a developer or a
marketer or a contact sensor buyer they
we're all human beings we all act as
consumers in a certain way in our
personal lives and we're bringing that
behavior to work
but one of the most powerful ideas
um also that all three of these
marketers have promulgated is the idea
of activating customers to work for you
whether that's in your communities or
your third-party communities whether
it's writing reviews
um Kathy has this wonderful visual about
customer activation and the customer
Journey Kathy tell us about your
philosophy
sure so I am lucky enough to have a
really phenomenal customer marketing
organization and they're divided into
three or groups Community is one you
know retention and expansion is another
and advocacy is the third right and each
of those play a different role but one
of the things is we all know this
acquiring a new customer is expensive
right you need to have a motion to
retain the customer you need to have a
motion to expand the customer you need
to have a motion to then create a
partnership where the customer where
they can have great influence and
advocacy so we this is our flywheel
right so we have a lot of activity that
comes in to help create the customer but
focused on the customer it starts from
that very from this perspective the very
moment they become a customer a welcome
kick goes out one of our core values is
community environmental giving we plant
a tree for every new customer that is
represented in their welcome kit so we
start from the very actually pre-sales
of course as well but the moment there
customer ensuring that we live our
values with the customer and then
working through you know you can see
some of the different activities here
that are leveraged along the way with
the ultimate goal of course is to create
those really fabulous Advocates those
Champions that go on the road with you
the Champions that talk to other
customers for you the Champions that
sing your Praises that's what the
ultimate end game but it doesn't happen
overnight and so it's a very intentional
very methodical approach that we take
from that first touch of the welcome kit
all the way through to advocacy
catty or Cynthia would you like to add
to your philosophy about putting the
concert customer at the center of the
marketing strategy
yeah I mean 100 agree with everything
Kathy said one of the things that we've
found work really effectively for us was
we created this um thing called clavio
Product event and what that is is
basically every once in three months we
showcase product Innovation features
momentum and we generally talk to our
loyal customers we tell them what's
coming up we show them
um you know what's new and exciting and
all that kind of stuff and it creates an
unbelievable amount of buzz in the
community not just within our customers
and sorry loyal Advocates but also
within our partner community and partner
ecosystem is a big big thing for us we
have you know they they are strong
advocates for us they they sell on our
behalf so those events have been
extremely successful in helping drive
more word of mouth with our customers
and our partners and that creates a nice
little flywheel
would you like that totally um agree I
mean customers have to be at the center
of
of your marketing strategy especially
you know these days where people are
looking for that trust Factor
um we we do
I think we count
320 webinars a year
uh every year uh our audience likes the
web like the technical webinars the
absolute best performing of those are
ones where we just bring in a customer
to talk and tell their story you know
they like hearing of new product
features and all that but when somebody
tells their story to other customers
um
we can attribute Millions get jillions
of dollars of pipeline to those more
than anything else we do in marketing
yeah one of the things I've observed is
as budgets have tightened unfortunately
one of the areas that I've seen Cuts in
is customer marketing I really think
that's short-sighted I think customer
marking is the fuel that can make the
engine run faster what we see is when
you harness the customer voice in
digital campaigns you get higher
click-through rates when you harness the
customer voice on a landing page you get
higher conversion rates when you enable
your sales team with trusted customer
content you get higher win rates now
maybe that's not as discreetly
measurable as paying for a media
campaign but that acceleration of every
facet of the of the buyer's journey and
of the marketing and sales funnel is
very meaningful and I think there's an
enormous Roi to customer marketing done
well the best companies aren't just
putting customer content fronts and
sensor they're also doing a great job of
listening Cisco is one of the brands
that we work with and they data mine all
of their reviews to understand the
patterns of what people are saying about
their products to make adjustments
solarwinds actually repositioned a
number of their products based upon the
feedback that they were getting in their
reviews
Marketo found that when they used
customer authored content in customer
Communications to their own customer
base it was read eight times more
frequently than when they wrote
something themselves so the customer's
voice whether that's for feedback for
product insights or for sales and
marketing is incredibly powerful and the
best and brightest marketers like this
Trio are making it a strategic priority
for their companies
so I'm going to end with a recap slide
and then we'll take one or two questions
so themes what should you have taken
away from this session this is the age
of the self serve a buyer heavily driven
by Daniels and gen Z who are now in
positions of authority with inside their
companies they use a variety of sources
they heavily rely on third-party sources
so it's critical to be present in the
watering holes where they do their
research whether that's communities
owned or third party whether that's
review platforms or whether it's Twitter
remember that story The Analog of the
disgruntled Airline passenger trying to
get service that applies to you too
optimizing for discoverability not just
in those venues but in search a lot of
the the buyers begin their Journey with
search making product and pricing
information easy to find this is the era
of transparency and it's not just about
seeing a product spec sheet it's about
being able to try in the case of clavio
being able to upload a data set and and
test it in the case of
um smart bear seeing products
educational content as well as being
able to trial of products customer voice
immensely powerful has impacts on SEO
conversion and win rates if you're not
doing everything you possibly can to
harness the voice of your customers you
are failing as a marketer use old school
tactics like cold emails highly
sparingly and instead personalize used
data intelligently to point your ad
spend and your sales spend at people who
are actually in markets don't just cast
a wide net to your entire ICP and then
make sure that you're using that data to
understand where they are in their
Journey when you look at second party
intent data from say a review platform
are they looking at the category or are
they looking at a specific competitor or
are they just looking at you and
depending on that data you may want to
personalize differently according to
what you know about them and sales
sales is going to be around but sales
has to be more consultative the age of
sales becoming true truly trusted
advisors is truly upon us where whether
that's being a product to assist in the
case of clavio or really just providing
more kind of Consulting strategic
guidance to to a buyer sales deals plays
a meaningful role but it has to evolve
so we've got three minutes so that
probably gives us time for one to two
questions there are mics on each side if
you'd like to ask a question
hello thank you so much for the time and
for the Insight that you shared with us
is very helpful my question in regards
to the changes in purchasing Behavior as
technology evolves is there anything
that you're anticipating that you didn't
get to share today
I think I think it's a great question I
I think Kathy touched on this uh earlier
uh with the with the talking about
Millennials and gen Z but what I am
seeing in the market is Millennials and
gen Z require way more transparency and
want to feel like they can create they
can have trust with the product even
before they buy it so this idea of
showing pricing on the page this idea of
talking about maybe the things that we
are good at versus the things we are not
good at there's a whole level of
different level of transparency that I
think as marketers we need to be able to
provide to build that trust even in that
pre-sale process with customers I think
that's a big Trend that I'm seeing
one of the things I would just add to
what Katie shared is that we have to be
cognizant of the fact of what we did
yesterday may not work today right the
playbook for marketers is out the window
right everything is new we've gone
through a pandemic we're in a economic
situation today what you've done
yesterday may not work tomorrow so
ensure that you have in your own
intentional planning process that you're
evaluating most current and thinking
future
and I think also making
your own product team and developers
available to your customers we have some
products with open road maps that are
completely transparent and customers can
request features and not not all our
products do that but those product
leaders are unbelievably transparent and
I think that level of like human to
human interaction buyers wanting to know
that you're real people behind the
products and we can complain directly to
you and they they respect that so I want
to just build off what Cynthia said
because I think that's really important
and one of the things that we do is make
sure and and vinay talked about this a
little bit too that we're listening to
the customer so we have advisory boards
even with prospects we have advisory
boards because if we're only listening
to our own Echo chamber if we're only
listening to our own current customers
and not potential future customers we go
down the wrong path so between the
community input between The Advisory
Board input taking all that to help
drive your strategy and your product
so we've got 23 seconds let's see if we
can squeeze in one question one quick
fire response besides
besides AdWords have you found another
channel to generate leads that is very
very efficient
open source
I mean talking about throwing old
marketing playbooks out of the window
Direct Mail is actually very effective
strangely enough Direct Mail like
sending mail to people's homes my
comment would be in zero seconds it
depends on the audience depends what
you're selling we have a very strong
industry motion and sometimes thought
leadership is critical
thank you everyone for joining us here
today hope you found some value in the
session
[Music]